Nexus-38367 - make charts more configurable (#28)
sonatype/nxrm3-ha-repository: nxrm-ha/README.md

| `statefulset.serviceName`                                   | The statefulset's service name                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | nexusrepo-statefulset                                                                                               |
| `statefulset.replicaCount`                                  | The desired number of Nexus Repository pods                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | 3                                                                                                                   |

> | `statefulset.clustered`                                     | Determines whether or not Nexus Repository should be run in clustered/HA mode. When this is set to false, the search differences [here](https://help.sonatype.com/display/NXRM3M/High+Availability+Deployment+Options#HighAvailabilityDeploymentOptions-SearchFeatureDifferences) do not apply.                                                                                  | true                                                                                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `statefulset.clustered`                                     | Determines whether or not Nexus Repository should be run in clustered/HA mode. When this is set to false, the search differences [here](https://help.sonatype.com/repomanager3/planning-your-implementation/resiliency-and-high-availability/high-availability-deployment-options#HighAvailabilityDeploymentOptions-SearchFeatureDifferences) do not apply.                                                                                  | true                                                                                                                |
```
